story-step1 story.txt
story-step1 story2.txt
story-step1 story3.txt
story-step1 story4.txt
story-step1 story5.txt
story-step1 story6.txt
story-step1 story7.txt
story-step1 story8.txt
story-step1 story9.txt
story-step1 none.txt
story-step1 
story-step2 words.txt
story-step2 words1.txt
story-step2 words2.txt
story-step2 words3.txt
story-step2 words4.txt
story-step2 words5.txt
story-step2 words.txt words.txt
story-step3 words.txt story2.txt
story-step3 words.txt story3.txt
story-step3 words.txt story4.txt
story-step3 words.txt story5.txt
story-step3 words.txt story6.txt
story-step3 words.txt story7.txt
story-step3 words.txt story8.txt
story-step3 words.txt story9.txt
story-step3 words.txt story.txt
story-step3 words5 story.txt
story-step3 words none.txt
story-step4 words.txt story2.txt
story-step4 -n words.txt story2.txt
